With the new changes, the program works almost perfectly. It still has a few issues:
1 When I successfully connect the source account, after accepting the Spotify authorization pop-up, the same pop-up appears again, which I assume is for the destination account, but the app should specify this by first redirecting me to a page that tells me to connect the "destination account".
2 On the preview page, the definition "Liked Song" should correspond to "Brani Preferiti", but the actual number of tracks doesn't match. Additionally, besides migrating followed artists, I would like to be able to migrate other followed accounts such as friends. I would also like to migrate the profile picture of the source account and set it as the destination account's profile picture.
3 The preview page looks a bit ugly in terms of design. I would like Playlist, Liked Songs, Followed Artists, Profile Picture, and Followed Friends to be selectable cards that animate when hovered over and get a Spotify green border when selected.
4 In the migration part, I want to implement a check. If the playlist was not created by the source account, you shouldn't recreate it from scratch in the destination account but just follow it like the source account originally did. For migrating playlist cover images, remember that not all playlists are required to have a cover, so I don’t want to receive errors because of this.

On the preview page, make the cards slightly more rounded and remove the checkbox inside since the selection is already indicated by the border.
In the preview, each playlist will have its own card, but with a dropdown menu that shows each individual song in the playlist, which can be deselected via a checkbox as desired.
Additionally, I still don’t see the option to migrate other followed accounts such as friends.

I’m encountering an issue with the migration of followed friends on Spotify, mainly, on the preview page, the number of followed friends from the source account doesn’t seem accurate. Also, when I try to migrate them (i.e., follow them from the destination account), I get an error:
**Failed to migrate followed users: Failed to migrate followed users**



Create a web app if you want with React that, using the Spotify API and a Spotify app (developer.spotify.com), deletes all content in a Spotify account. It must unfollow all followed people, artists, and friends. It must remove the profile picture. It must delete all created playlists and unfollow followed ones. It must remove all liked songs.

I encountered a major issue with the latest update. The followed account migration function doesn’t work but does something completely different. Instead of following profiles, it started following all playlists of my friends and even people I don’t know, probably friends of friends.
Also, I don’t understand why we created a file called `followed-users.js` when you could fix the function inside `migration.js`, thus avoiding session issues.

Alright, then you can remove the function and the card for migrating the friends I follow. Additionally, there are some bugs to fix:
1 When I migrate a playlist, it often doesn't transfer the full number of tracks, like 300 out of 566 tracks or 100 out of 315. Also, it can't migrate the playlist image if it was customized by the user of the source account.
2 Add the ability to also migrate the Radio stations followed by the source user (playlists created by Spotify based on a track). You can include them in the playlist card.
3 Just like you did for the playlist card, make it so that for followed artists, an internal menu can be expanded to choose which artist to migrate, and do the same for liked songs.
4 The profile picture migration does not work; it doesn't set the source account’s profile picture in the destination account.
5 On the preview page, add a “Select All” button at the top to allow a full migration of everything.
